# OdysseyAct1
Development page for Odyssey of the Dragonborn Act 1. Please note that this page is LITTERED with spoilers and that this is the only disclaimer you will recieve.

Odyssey of the Dragonborn is the much anticipated followup to Legacy of the Dragonborn and begins with Act 1 taking place in the Isle of Balfiera located in the Niben Bay between Hammerfell and Highrock. 

Odyssey kicks off with a quest from Avram to investigate Auryen, who he has seen covorting with a Thalmor Justicar recently arrived in Solitude. You search Auryen's office and find correspondence that indicates that the Thalmor are trying to obtain artifacts from the museum and Auryen has agreed to meet with them. When you follow Auryen in disguise, you overhear a meeting at the inn between him and an agent where they argue over a stained glass window in the museum depicting Talos as a divine. The Thalmor agent calls him a traitor for leaving and says it's Auryen's duty as a member of the dominion to ensure the white gold concordant is honored. He also asks Auryen if he's reconsidered his offer for procuring relics from the museum, which auryen agrees.

When you confront Auryen about the meeting, he takes you to the hall of legends under construction at the museum where stained glass windows depicting each of the 9 divines adorn the upper rim of the gallery, while one (Talos) is covered by a black Thalmor banner. He reveals that during the great war, he was in fact a member of the Thalmor and after seeing many of the terrible things they did, decided to abandon the order, taking with him a great deal of knowledge which coupled with his vast academic studies has given Auryen much of his omniscent-like knowledge such as the presence of the Guardians in Skyrim, Locations of various relics throughout, and contacts throughout the trading world and more. He fled here to Solitude as it was clear that events of great importance were about to unfold, and came into the good graces of Torygg of Solitude and his young wife Elisef, who gave him the job to curate over a museum in the city. Here he could still renaim in the loop of events unfolding, and use his influence to aid Solitude and keep it from coming under any level of Thalmor occupation. 

Though it seems now the promises of power that Auryen gave to the Thalmor to keep them out of his affairs and those of Solitude, are about to be called in by the Thalmor. Auryen is arranging a fake sale of artifacts to the Justiciar and the player will bring Falk Firebeard to witness it. Upon the exchange of gold, Falk stops the transaction and attempts to arrest the Justiciar and his men who turn on Auryen, the player, falk and the guards. In the end, the Justiciar escapes and is exiled from Solitude and the gold seized. Auryen is not charged since the staged transaction was a pre-arranged setup against the Thalmor. 

Afterwords, Auryen is concerned that the Thalmor will attempt to take action again himself and the museum, and decides to appoint Latoria as the deputy curator while he accompanies the player to follow the Thalmor justiciar and find out who he reports to and why they are so interested in procuring relics.

This takes the player to the isle of balfiera where a full blow crisis is underway. An Oblivion gate rests upon the top of the direnni tower and the direnni guard and Balfiera guard struggle to contain them. The player discovers that the Thalmor arrived in an attempt to absorb the Direnni clan of Altmer into the dominion and gain access to the tower, when they declined, the Thalmor entered by force
